Zhang Cheng, what happened?
And this woman
How did they get in?
Are you treating the company like a garbage collection station?
Anyone can get in here.
What are you still doing?
Blow them all out for me!
The chairperson does not know
Today these people are daring
I came to the story to make trouble
Shiniang
Chairman, this lady is
Shiniang is the real chairperson of our company
The boss behind the scenes
This is the boyfriend of our 13th mother.
You called me trash just now.
Call me bold
Chairperson, I don't know Mount Tai
Please forgive me
Remove him as manager for me
Throw him out right now
What are you still doing?
Don't you want to do it either?
Chairperson Chairperson 13 Niang
Zhao Jin, you are fired
Then give him his job
Oh, yeah. The villa by the sea is still vacant.
Seat appreciation reward
Here you go.
Let's go